Data Cleaning Duplicates: Duplicated Method (#38719)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/08-data-analysis-with-python/data-analysis-with-python-course/data-cleaning-duplicates.english.md

```yml
question:

>   text: 'The Python method ''.duplicated()'' returns a boolean Series for your DataFrame. ''True'' is the return value for rows that:'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  text: 'The Python method <code>.duplicated()</code> returns a boolean Series for your DataFrame. <code>True</code> is the return value for rows that:'
```

  answers:

>     - contain a duplicate, where the value for the row contains the first occurence of that value.

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
    - contain a duplicate, where the value for the row contains the first occurrence of that value.
```

>     - contain a duplicate, where the value for the row contains the second occurence of that value.

Reviewer: Typo and imprecise answer. The value is just not the first occurrence of the value.

```suggestion
    - contain a duplicate, where the value for the row is at least the second occurrence of that value.
```

>     - contain a duplicate, where the value for the row contains either the first or second occurence.

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
    - contain a duplicate, where the value for the row contains either the first or second occurrence.
```
